docs/src/docs/pageobject/pageobjects-overview.adoc, before:

= Overview

== What is a page object?
A page objects represents a HTML pages and or a subpage. It contains GuiElements with describe the actual page and methods to provide actions on them.

In your test you only uses the provided actions of your page like an API. The page object himself uses the GuiElements as an API to interact with the website.

Advantages:
// TODO: update list

- Easy to maintain.
- Easy readability of scripts
- Reduce or eliminate duplicity
- Re-usability of code
- Reliability

== Navigation Principle
In a regular Web Application there is a defined navigation flow. This means there are pages with actions on it that let you navigate to other pages.

In the example below we have a search dialog with a search action on it that lets you navigate to a `ResultPage` with the search result.
When a search is performed the browser will navigate to the `ResultPage`. In your page you create a new object of your next page.



This new page object is used for the next steps in your test.

.Example of a page flow
image::../images/PageFlowExample.png[]

== Example

The following page contains two `GuiElements` and one method for a user action 'search a string'.

Within the method `search` the defined GuiElements are used to execute a search.

The annoation `Check` marks the GuiElements as mandatory for the page. Testerra automatically verifies these elements when this page is instantiated (<<Check Annotations>>).

[source,java]
----
public class SearchPage extends Page {

    @Check
    private final GuiElement searchButton =
            new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.name("searchButton"));

    @Check
    private final GuiElement inputField =
            new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.name("inputField"));

    // constructor
    public SearchPage(WebDriver driver) {
        super(driver);
    }

    // search action on page
    public ResultPage search(String text){
        inputField.type(text);
        searchButton.click();
        return PageFactory.create(ResultPage.class, this.getWebDriver());
    }
}
----

The following lines demonstrate how to use page objects in your test method.

[source,java]
----
import ...

public class TestClass extends TesterraTest {

    @Test
    public void myTest() {
        WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
        HomePage homePage = PageFactory.create(HomePage.class, driver);
        SearchPage searchPage = homePage.openSearch();
        ResultPage resultPage = searchPage.search("search text");
        resultPage.assertResultSetIsNotEmpty();
        homePage = resultPage.close();
    }
}
----

Commit message:

Updated page object part with some advantages.

docs/src/docs/pageobject/pageobjects-overview.adoc, after:

= Overview

== What is a page object?
A page objects represents a HTML pages and or a subpage. It contains GuiElements with describe the actual page and methods to provide actions on them.

In your test you only uses the provided actions of your page like an API. The page object himself uses the GuiElements as an API to interact with the website.

We recommend the usage of page objects:

- They are easy to maintain.
- They are improve the readability of test scripts.
- They reduce or eliminate duplicity of code.
- The pages are reusable.

== Navigation Principle
In a regular Web Application there is a defined navigation flow. This means there are pages with actions on it that let you navigate to other pages.

In the example below we have a search dialog with a search action on it that lets you navigate to a `ResultPage` with the search result.
When a search is performed the browser will navigate to the `ResultPage`. In your page you create a new object of your next page.



This new page object is used for the next steps in your test.

.Example of a page flow
image::../images/PageFlowExample.png[]

== Example

The following page contains two `GuiElements` and one method for a user action 'search a string'.

Within the method `search` the defined GuiElements are used to execute a search.

The annoation `Check` marks the GuiElements as mandatory for the page. Testerra automatically verifies these elements when this page is instantiated (<<Check Annotations>>).

[source,java]
----
public class SearchPage extends Page {

    @Check
    private final GuiElement searchButton =
            new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.name("searchButton"));

    @Check
    private final GuiElement inputField =
            new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.name("inputField"));

    // constructor
    public SearchPage(WebDriver driver) {
        super(driver);
    }

    // search action on page
    public ResultPage search(String text){
        inputField.type(text);
        searchButton.click();
        return PageFactory.create(ResultPage.class, this.getWebDriver());
    }
}
----

The following lines demonstrate how to use page objects in your test method.

[source,java]
----
import ...

public class TestClass extends TesterraTest {

    @Test
    public void myTest() {
        WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
        HomePage homePage = PageFactory.create(HomePage.class, driver);
        SearchPage searchPage = homePage.openSearch();
        ResultPage resultPage = searchPage.search("search text");
        resultPage.assertResultSetIsNotEmpty();
        homePage = resultPage.close();
    }
}
----
