docs/src/docs/guielement.adoc, before:

= GuiElements

== Overview

GuiElements are Java objects which represent the interactive elements of the tested website. For example: buttons, search fields, checkboxes etc.

GuiElements are based on the *Selenium WebElement* and add more functionality to them. GuiElements are using the same locator definition like WebElements (using the `By` expressions https://seleniumhq.github.io/selenium/docs/api/java/org/openqa/selenium/By.html[Selenium docs]).

GuiElements are *self refreshing*: Every action on it will trigger a find call, so the current state is always up to date when the requested action takes place. There is *no StaleElementReferenceException* on GuiElements like it could be on Selenium WebElements.

#TODO - Describe find mechanism with default timeout#

include::guielement/guielement-creation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-actions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-assertions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-checks.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-properties.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-waiters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Commit message:

: Fixing issues in documentation. Removing tbd, javadoc references, etc. creating new paragraphs. removed internal links

docs/src/docs/guielement.adoc, after:

= GuiElements

== Overview

GuiElements are Java objects which represent the interactive elements of the tested website. For example: buttons, search fields, checkboxes etc.

GuiElements are based on the *Selenium WebElement* and add more functionality to them. GuiElements are using the same locator definition like WebElements (using the `By` expressions https://seleniumhq.github.io/selenium/docs/api/java/org/openqa/selenium/By.html[Selenium docs]).

GuiElements are *self refreshing*: Every action on it will trigger a find call, so the current state is always up to date when the requested action takes place. There is *no StaleElementReferenceException* on GuiElements like it could be on Selenium WebElements.

The `find` mechanism for a `GuiElement` in Testerra works different as in plain Selenium.
When using a constructor for a `GuiElement` instantiation, Testerra internally will add some facades / decorators to make things easier.
The most important decorator that is added by default is the `GuiElementCoreSequenceDecorator` -which adds a sequence to all method calls against a `GuiElement`.

Example: When calling the `isPresent()` method on a `GuiElement` the added `GuiElementSequenceDecorator` will fire up an internal `find()` call to the `GuiElement` and therefore a `find()` call to the underlying Selenium `WebElement`.
But instead of calling the `find()` method once, it will execute this call in a default sequence every 500ms.
Therefore the property {element_timeout_seconds} defined in `test.properties` will be used as a *hard* timeout for this sequence.
If the `find()` does not run successfully after the defined timeout it will fail.

include::guielement/guielement-creation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-actions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-assertions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-checks.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-properties.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::guielement/guielement-waiters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
