docs/src/docs/webdriver-manager.adoc, before:

= WebDriverManager

include::properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

== Overview

`WebDriverManager` is the central component to create and close your `WebDriver` sessions.

== WebDriver sessions

Before you can use `WebDriver` sessions, you have to setup a Selenium-compatible server.

=== Setup remote sessions

For using a remote Selenium server (e.g. a Selenium Grid) you only have to tell Testerra where it can be find.

.Additional settings in test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{webdriver_mode}=remote
{selenium_server_host}=localhost
{selenium_server_port}=4444
{selenium_server_url}=http://localhost:4444/wd/hub
----

NOTE: The browser support depends on the remote selenium setup.

=== Create a local session (not recommended)

Regulary, there is no reason to use local Selenium sessions based on binaries.
We won't recommend to use that, because we've experienced some slightly differences between the local and remote behaviour.

But there could be reasons for using local sessions like using an unsupported Browser.
However, Testerra still supports these when you tell it where your `WebDriver` binaries are located:

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{webdriver_mode}=local
webdriver.gecko.driver=path/to/your/binary/geckodriver.exe

# or for other browsers
webdriver.chrome.driver=...
webdriver.edge.driver=...
webdriver.ie.driver=...
----

=== Usage of WebDriver sessions

Before starting a `WebDriver` session, you should configure your desired browser like.
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{browser_setting}=firefox:65
----

On the first call of

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
----

Selenium is triggered to open a new Browser windows with the defined URL.

For every other call of `getWebDriver()` in the *same test context* WebDriverManager always returns the existing session.

This makes it possible to retrieve the current session in any context and avoids to force the user to pass the instance around.

=== Multiple sessions

The WebDriverManager can handle more than one session in one test context.
Every session has a defined session key.
If no key was set, the default session key is called `default`.

The following example creates two independent browser sessions:

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
WebDriver driverWindow2 = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver("window2");

// Get the session key
String key1 = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionId(driver);        // key1 contains 'default'

String key2 = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionId(driverWindow2); // key2 contains 'window2'
----

=== Close a session

In most cases it is not needed to close your session manually.
Testerra always closes all open session at the end of a test method.

If you want to reuse a session in the next test method, you can deactivate the automatic close.

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
// Default value is true
{wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods}=false
----

To close active sessions manually, do the following:

[source,java]
----
// Close all active session in the current test context.
WebDriverManager.shutdown();

// Close all active session without check the wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods property
WebDriverManager.forceShutdown()

// Close all active session in all current parallel test threads.
WebDriverManager.forceShutdownAllThreads()
----

[NOTE]
====
Testerra calls `WebDriverManager.shutdown()` automatically at the end of every test method.

At the end of the test run Testerra always calls `WebDriverManager.forceShutdown()` to cleanup all sessions.
====

=== Shared sessions in one thread

You can reuse the wedriver session in the following test by setting the following property:

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods}=false
----

.Working with shared sessions
[source,java]
----
@Test
public void test1() {
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    ...
}

@Test
public void test2() {
    // You get the already opened session from test1
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    ...
}
----

IMPORTANT: You can only reuse the session in the current thread.
If you run parallel tests, you have no access to the session between parallel test threads.

.Limitations of reusing shared sessions
image::resuse_webdriver_sessions_1.png[]

=== Shared sessions over different threads

To use a browser session over different test threads, you need an _exclusive_ session.

Exclusive sessions are identified by a special uuid, not by the standard session key.

.Create exclusive browser sessions
[source,java]
----
private static String uuid = null;

@Test
public void test1() {
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    uuid = WebDriverManager.makeSessionExclusive(driver);
}

@Test
public void test2() {
    // Get the exclusive session
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver(uuid);
}
----

.Reuse a session in different test threads
image::resuse_webdriver_sessions_2.png[]

[IMPORTANT]
=====
An exclusive session has an unlimited lifetime.
You need do close this session manually.

[source,java]
----
@AfterTest
public void cleanup() {
    WebDriverManager.shutdownExclusiveSession(uuid);
}
----
=====

== WebDriver configuration

=== Global configuration

A global configuration applies to all new sessions created by WebDriverManager.

You can set a global configuration by

* `test.properties`
* at runtime by `System.setProperty()`
* at runtime by `WebDriverManager.config()` (only browser session behaviour)

==== Configure with `test.properties`

Like shown above all session properties can be set in `test.properties`.

include::properties/webdriver-props.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Configure with `System.setProperty()`

At runtime you can change the global configuration of all properties with `System.setProperty()`.

[source,java]
----
System.setProperty(TesterraProperties.BROWSER, Browsers.firefox);
System.setProperty(TesterraProperties.BROWSER_VERSION, "66");
----

==== Configure with `WebDriverManager.config()`

Some of the WebdriverManager settings you can change as follows

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.config().executeCloseWindows = true;

// tt.wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods
WebDriverManager.config().closeWindowsAfterTestMethod = true;

// tt.wdm.closewindows.onfailure
WebDriverManager.config().closeWindowsOnFailure = false;

// tt.browser.maximize
WebDriverManager.config().maximize = true;

// tt.takeAutomaticScreenshot
WebDriverManager.config().takeScreenShotsActive = false;

// tt.webdriver.mode
WebDriverManager.config().webDriverMode = WebDriverMode.remote;
----

Except for `executeCloseWindows` the associated property name is added as comment.

[NOTE]
======
`WebDriverManager.config().executeCloseWindows` controls the closing of browser windows after every test method in generally.

If `executeCloseWindows = false`, the settings `closeWindowsAfterTestMethod` and `closeWindowsOnFailure` have no effect.

Keep in mind, that after the complete test run a browser close is forced.
======

You can reset the settings to the default values or defined in `test.properties` as follows

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.resetConfig();
----

#what is with this?# WebDriverManager.setBaseURL()

=== Local configuration

If you only want to change the settings for one session, you can use `WebDriverRequest`.
All defined attributes overrides the standard configuration.
If an attribute is not set the global definition is used.

[source,java]
----
WebDriverRequest myRequest = new DesktopWebDriverRequest();
myRequest.baseUrl = "http://example.org";
myRequest.browser = Browsers.firefox;
myRequest.browserVersion = "66";
myRequest.sessionKey = "mysession";     // if no custom session defined, the default value 'default' is set

WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver(myRequest);
----

== Working with sessions

#Other stuff# you can do To interact with your WebDriver session you can use the utilities provided by Testerra.

WebDriverManagerUtils

WebDriverUtils

=== Difference in session key and session id

There is a difference between session key and session id.
The session key is value that you can declare and provide to handle multiple web driver sessions in one test method, as you can read in section "Multiple sessions".
The session id is an internal id of Selenium itself.

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver("mySession");

// interal uuid of selenium session
String sessionId = WebDriverUtils.getSessionId(driver);

// will be "mySession"
String sessionKey = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionKey(driver);
----

https://testautomation-mms.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/XETA/pages/327794/01+-+WebDriverManager#id-01-WebDriverManager-Other

Commit message:

: Added a known issue addressing webdriver manager session close topic

docs/src/docs/webdriver-manager.adoc, after:

= WebDriverManager

include::properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

== Overview

`WebDriverManager` is the central component to create and close your `WebDriver` sessions.

== WebDriver sessions

Before you can use `WebDriver` sessions, you have to setup a Selenium-compatible server.

=== Setup remote sessions

For using a remote Selenium server (e.g. a Selenium Grid) you only have to tell Testerra where it can be find.

.Additional settings in test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{webdriver_mode}=remote
{selenium_server_host}=localhost
{selenium_server_port}=4444
{selenium_server_url}=http://localhost:4444/wd/hub
----

NOTE: The browser support depends on the remote selenium setup.

=== Create a local session (not recommended)

Regulary, there is no reason to use local Selenium sessions based on binaries.
We won't recommend to use that, because we've experienced some slightly differences between the local and remote behaviour.

But there could be reasons for using local sessions like using an unsupported Browser.
However, Testerra still supports these when you tell it where your `WebDriver` binaries are located:

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{webdriver_mode}=local
webdriver.gecko.driver=path/to/your/binary/geckodriver.exe

# or for other browsers
webdriver.chrome.driver=...
webdriver.edge.driver=...
webdriver.ie.driver=...
----

=== Usage of WebDriver sessions

Before starting a `WebDriver` session, you should configure your desired browser like.

[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{browser_setting}=firefox:65
----

On the first call of

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
----

Selenium is triggered to open a new Browser windows with the defined URL.

For every other call of `getWebDriver()` in the *same test context* WebDriverManager always returns the existing session.

This makes it possible to retrieve the current session in any context and avoids to force the user to pass the instance around.

=== Multiple sessions

The WebDriverManager can handle more than one session in one test context.
Every session has a defined session key.
If no key was set, the default session key is called `default`.

The following example creates two independent browser sessions:

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
WebDriver driverWindow2 = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver("window2");

// Get the session key
String key1 = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionId(driver);        // key1 contains 'default'

String key2 = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionId(driverWindow2); // key2 contains 'window2'
----

=== Close a session

In most cases it is not needed to close your session manually.
Testerra always closes all open session at the end of a test method.

If you want to reuse a session in the next test method, you can deactivate the automatic close.

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
// Default value is true
{wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods}=false
----

To close active sessions manually, do the following:

[source,java]
----
// Close all active session in the current test context.
WebDriverManager.shutdown();

// Close all active session without check the wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods property
WebDriverManager.forceShutdown()

// Close all active session in all current parallel test threads.
WebDriverManager.forceShutdownAllThreads()
----

[NOTE]
====
Testerra calls `WebDriverManager.shutdown()` automatically at the end of every test method.

At the end of the test run Testerra always calls `WebDriverManager.forceShutdown()` to cleanup all sessions.

Please do not use Selenium provided methods to close `WebDriver` sessions.
Have a further read in our known issue section: <<Closing `WebDriver` sessions without using Testerra `WebDriverManager`>>.
====

=== Shared sessions in one thread

You can reuse the wedriver session in the following test by setting the following property:

.test.properties
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
{wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods}=false
----

.Working with shared sessions
[source,java]
----
@Test
public void test1() {
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    ...
}

@Test
public void test2() {
    // You get the already opened session from test1
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    ...
}
----

IMPORTANT: You can only reuse the session in the current thread.
If you run parallel tests, you have no access to the session between parallel test threads.

.Limitations of reusing shared sessions
image::resuse_webdriver_sessions_1.png[]

=== Shared sessions over different threads

To use a browser session over different test threads, you need an _exclusive_ session.

Exclusive sessions are identified by a special uuid, not by the standard session key.

.Create exclusive browser sessions
[source,java]
----
private static String uuid = null;

@Test
public void test1() {
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
    uuid = WebDriverManager.makeSessionExclusive(driver);
}

@Test
public void test2() {
    // Get the exclusive session
    WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver(uuid);
}
----

.Reuse a session in different test threads
image::resuse_webdriver_sessions_2.png[]

[IMPORTANT]
=====
An exclusive session has an unlimited lifetime.
You need do close this session manually.

[source,java]
----
@AfterTest
public void cleanup() {
    WebDriverManager.shutdownExclusiveSession(uuid);
}
----
=====

== WebDriver configuration

=== Global configuration

A global configuration applies to all new sessions created by WebDriverManager.

You can set a global configuration by

* `test.properties`
* at runtime by `System.setProperty()`
* at runtime by `WebDriverManager.config()` (only browser session behaviour)

==== Configure with `test.properties`

Like shown above all session properties can be set in `test.properties`.

include::properties/webdriver-props.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

==== Configure with `System.setProperty()`

At runtime you can change the global configuration of all properties with `System.setProperty()`.

[source,java]
----
System.setProperty(TesterraProperties.BROWSER, Browsers.firefox);
System.setProperty(TesterraProperties.BROWSER_VERSION, "66");
----

==== Configure with `WebDriverManager.config()`

Some of the WebdriverManager settings you can change as follows

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.config().executeCloseWindows = true;

// tt.wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods
WebDriverManager.config().closeWindowsAfterTestMethod = true;

// tt.wdm.closewindows.onfailure
WebDriverManager.config().closeWindowsOnFailure = false;

// tt.browser.maximize
WebDriverManager.config().maximize = true;

// tt.takeAutomaticScreenshot
WebDriverManager.config().takeScreenShotsActive = false;

// tt.webdriver.mode
WebDriverManager.config().webDriverMode = WebDriverMode.remote;
----

Except for `executeCloseWindows` the associated property name is added as comment.

[NOTE]
======
`WebDriverManager.config().executeCloseWindows` controls the closing of browser windows after every test method in generally.

If `executeCloseWindows = false`, the settings `closeWindowsAfterTestMethod` and `closeWindowsOnFailure` have no effect.

Keep in mind, that after the complete test run a browser close is forced.
======

You can reset the settings to the default values or defined in `test.properties` as follows

[source,java]
----
WebDriverManager.resetConfig();
----

#what is with this?# WebDriverManager.setBaseURL()

=== Local configuration

If you only want to change the settings for one session, you can use `WebDriverRequest`.
All defined attributes overrides the standard configuration.
If an attribute is not set the global definition is used.

[source,java]
----
WebDriverRequest myRequest = new DesktopWebDriverRequest();
myRequest.baseUrl = "http://example.org";
myRequest.browser = Browsers.firefox;
myRequest.browserVersion = "66";
myRequest.sessionKey = "mysession";     // if no custom session defined, the default value 'default' is set

WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver(myRequest);
----

== Working with sessions

#Other stuff# you can do To interact with your WebDriver session you can use the utilities provided by Testerra.

WebDriverManagerUtils

WebDriverUtils

=== Difference in session key and session id

There is a difference between session key and session id.
The session key is value that you can declare and provide to handle multiple web driver sessions in one test method, as you can read in section "Multiple sessions".
The session id is an internal id of Selenium itself.

[source,java]
----
WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver("mySession");

// interal uuid of selenium session
String sessionId = WebDriverUtils.getSessionId(driver);

// will be "mySession"
String sessionKey = WebDriverManagerUtils.getSessionKey(driver);
----

https://testautomation-mms.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/XETA/pages/327794/01+-+WebDriverManager#id-01-WebDriverManager-Other
