docs/src/docs/modules/cucumber-connector.adoc, before:

= Cucumber connector

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

This module provides you the opportunity to use Cucumber and Gherkin to specify `.feature` files and combine it with the advantages of Testerra, like reporting, WebDriver management, GuiElement and other.
The module will register automatically by using Testerra <<Hooks>>.

== Project setup

Current release: image:https://img.shields.io/bintray/v/testerra-io/Testerra/eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:cucumber-connector?label=Testerra%20Cucumber%20connector[Bintray]

.Gradle
[source,gradle,role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle
implementation 'eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:cucumber-connector:1.0'
----

.Maven
[source,xml,role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra</groupId>
        <artifactId>cucumber-connector</artifactId>
        <version>1.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

== Usage

The Cucumber connector provide some simple utilities for extending Cucumber with Testerra by using their defaults for TestNG enhancement.
You have to set up a test class and importing the Testerra Cucumber connector report plugin, called `TesterraReportPlugin` like the following code example shows.

Please take note, that the `AbstractTestNGCucumberTests` must be extended.

[source,java]
----
@Listeners(TesterraListener.class)
@CucumberOptions(
        plugin = {"eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra.plugins.cucumber.TesterraReportPlugin"}
        , features = "src/test/resources/features/"
        , glue = {"steps","eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra.plugins.cucumber"}
)
public class RunTesterraCucumberTest extends AbstractTestNGCucumberTests {
}
----

You can then write down your `.feature` files and store them into the `src/test/resources/features/` directory, and the associated glue code in `src/test/java/steps` for example.

== Demo

Feel free to try out our little project 'Google Search' from the Testerra Cucumber connector repository on Github. It is a complete Cucumber project and demonstrates the Testerra integration.

You will find the showcase in the folder `src/test/java`.

Commit message:

updated asciidoc for cucumber connector with @Fails feature

docs/src/docs/modules/cucumber-connector.adoc, after:

= Cucumber connector

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

This module provides you the opportunity to use Cucumber and Gherkin to specify `.feature` files and combine it with the advantages of Testerra, like reporting, WebDriver management, GuiElement and other.
The module will register automatically by using Testerra <<Hooks>>.

== Project setup

Current release: image:https://img.shields.io/bintray/v/testerra-io/Testerra/eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:cucumber-connector?label=Testerra%20Cucumber%20connector[Bintray]

.Gradle
[source,gradle,role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle
implementation 'eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:cucumber-connector:1.0'
----

.Maven
[source,xml,role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra</groupId>
        <artifactId>cucumber-connector</artifactId>
        <version>1.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

== Usage

The Cucumber connector provide some simple utilities for extending Cucumber with Testerra by using their defaults for TestNG enhancement.
You have to set up a test class and importing the Testerra Cucumber connector report plugin, called `TesterraReportPlugin` like the following code example shows.

Please take note, that the `AbstractTestNGCucumberTests` must be extended.

[source,java]
----
@Listeners(TesterraListener.class)
@CucumberOptions(
        plugin = {"eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra.plugins.cucumber.TesterraReportPlugin"}
        , features = "src/test/resources/features/"
        , glue = {"steps","eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra.plugins.cucumber"}
)
public class RunTesterraCucumberTest extends AbstractTestNGCucumberTests {
}
----

You can then write down your `.feature` files and store them into the `src/test/resources/features/` directory, and the associated glue code in `src/test/java/steps` for example.

== Features

==== Fails tag

Similar to the `@Fails` annotation from Testerra an `@Fails` tag can be added to Scenarios that have known bugs. This will
mark them as expected failed in the report and add a message if the scenario is successful again. This doesn't allow
adding a description of the bug or a link to the ticked id though. To do this you can add the Testerra `@Fails` annotation
to a test step and fill it with the info. As a side effect any test which uses this step and fails on it will be shown in
the report as expected failed automatically.

To use `@Fails` from Testerra on steps definitions the step definitions are required to be in a package which has
`eu.tsystems.mms.tic` as prefix.

== Demo

Feel free to try out our little project 'Google Search' from the Testerra Cucumber connector repository on Github. It is a complete Cucumber project and demonstrates the Testerra integration.

You will find the showcase in the folder `src/test/java`.
