docs/src/docs/modules/localization.adoc, before:

= Localization

Websites come in many languages, where the functionality may not change, but labels of buttons, input or other interactive elements.
Testerra provides an easy and simple way to support the localization of GuiElements.

== Add localization resource bundle

The localization is based on **Unicode** `.properties` files loaded during runtime.
To add such files, create a new resource bundle `lang` in `src/main/resources` and add all required locales.

.lang_en.properties
[source, properties, role="primary"]
----
BTN_LOGIN=Login
----

.lang_de.properties
[source, properties, role="secondary"]
----
BTN_LOGIN=Anmelden
----

NOTE: You can change the default encoding for `.properties` files in IntellJ at _File -> Settings -> File Encodings_

image::intellij-properties-encoding.jpg[]

== Access localization text

Now you can instance GuiElements by localized strings.

[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.l10n.SimpleLocalization;

GuiElement loginBtn = new GuiElement(By.linkText(SimpleLocalization.getText("BTN_LOGIN")));
----

But you can use your own localized bundles.

[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.l10n.LocalizedBundle;

LocalizedBundle bundle = new LocalizedBundle("testdata");
bundle.getString("TEST_KEY");
----

== Change runtime locale

The best way to change the locale for your tests is, to pass the language property as command line argument.

[source, bash]
----
gradle test -Duser.language=de
----

For Maven, you need some extra configuration

.pom.xml
[source, xml]
----
<project>
    <properties>
        <user.language>de</user.language>
        <user.country>DE</user.country>
        <argLine>-Duser.language=${user.language} -Duser.country=${user.country}</argLine>
    </properties>
</project>
----

before running the command
[source, bash]
----
mvn test -Duser.language=de -Duser.country=DE
----

## Change browser locale

The WebDriver API official doesn't support changing the language of a browser session. But there exists
non-standard or experimental ways on https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33016300/selenium-change-language-browser-chrome-firefox[Stackoverflow]
to change your browser locale.

Anyways, it's currently the better way to visit your SUT with an undefined language and change it there with the ability it's providing for that.

Commit message:

Improved documentation about making your build environment Unicode.

docs/src/docs/modules/localization.adoc, after:

= Localization

Websites come in many languages, where the functionality may not change, but labels of buttons, input or other interactive elements.
Testerra provides an easy and simple way to support the localization of GuiElements.

== Enable Unicode for your project

In build environments, where Unicode is not default, you should force to use it in your project by setting the Java compile options.

.build.gradle
[source, groovy, role="primary"]
----
compileJava.options.encoding = 'UTF-8'
compileTestJava.options.encoding = "UTF-8"
----

.pom.xml
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
----

For Gradle, you should also set your system-wide or local `gradle.properties`.

.gradle.properties
[source, groovy]
----
systemProp.file.encoding=utf-8
----

== Add localization resource bundle

The localization is based on **Unicode** `.properties` files loaded during runtime.
To add such files, create a new resource bundle `lang` in `src/main/resources` and add all required locales.

.lang_en.properties
[source, properties, role="primary"]
----
BTN_LOGIN=Login
----

.lang_de.properties
[source, properties, role="secondary"]
----
BTN_LOGIN=Anmelden
----

NOTE: You can change the default encoding for `.properties` files in IntellJ at _File -> Settings -> File Encodings_

image::intellij-properties-encoding.jpg[]

== Access localization text

Now you can instance GuiElements by localized strings.

[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.l10n.SimpleLocalization;

GuiElement loginBtn = new GuiElement(By.linkText(SimpleLocalization.getText("BTN_LOGIN")));
----

But you can use your own localized bundles.

[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.l10n.LocalizedBundle;

LocalizedBundle bundle = new LocalizedBundle("testdata");
bundle.getString("TEST_KEY");
----

== Change runtime locale

The best way to change the locale for your tests is, to pass the language property as command line argument.

[source, bash]
----
gradle test -Duser.language=de
----

For Maven, you need some extra configuration

.pom.xml
[source, xml]
----
<project>
    <properties>
        <user.language>de</user.language>
        <user.country>DE</user.country>
        <argLine>-Duser.language=${user.language} -Duser.country=${user.country}</argLine>
    </properties>
</project>
----

before running the command
[source, bash]
----
mvn test -Duser.language=de -Duser.country=DE
----

## Change browser locale

The WebDriver API official doesn't support changing the language of a browser session. But there exists
non-standard or experimental ways on https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33016300/selenium-change-language-browser-chrome-firefox[Stackoverflow]
to change your browser locale.

Anyways, it's currently the better way to visit your SUT with an undefined language and change it there with the ability it's providing for that.
