docs/src/docs/guielement/xpath-builder.adoc, before:

= XPath builder

The static `XPath` class helps you to build failsafe xPathes optimized for HTML. But it's restricted to search elements top-down.

This is what the basic syntax looks like

[source,java]
----
UiElement div = find(XPath.from("div"));
----

But it supports many other features you need when you select
elements from the DOM, like first and last element.

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("tr", 1);
XPath.from("tr", -1);
----

The xPath is generated _greedy_ by default. When you create an xPath like

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("body").select("div");
----

this equivalent result would be `//body//div`

If you want to restrict the selection to a child element, use the `/` prefix:

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("/body").select("/div");
----

which equivalent would be `/body/div`

It is also possible to pass groups in the `from` method only.

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("(//iframe|//frame)");
----

== Elements that have classes

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("div").classes("navigation", "header");
----
This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<div class="header large navigation">
----
but not

[source,html]
----
<div class="navigation-header">
----

== Select an element that encloses another element

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("nav")
    .classes("mobile")
    .enclose("/div")
        .classes("navigation", "header");
----

This will find the `<nav>` element

[source,html]
----
<nav class="mobile">
    <div class="navigation header"></div>
</nav>
----

== Select an element by its text

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("*").text().hasWords("Login", "here");
XPath.from("*").text().contains("first");
XPath.from("*").text().endsWith("here ");
----
This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<a> Login first
    here </a>
----

== Select by attributes

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("*").attribute("src").endsWith(".png");
----

This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<img src="http://example.com/image.png"/>
----

== Select a sub element

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("form")
    .attribute("name", "login")
    .select("button")
        .text().hasWords("Login here");
----
This will find the `<button>` element

[source,html]
----
<form name="login">
    <button> Login here * </button>
</form>
----

Commit message:

Added support for attribute functions

docs/src/docs/guielement/xpath-builder.adoc, after:

= XPath builder

The static `XPath` class helps you to build failsafe xPathes optimized for HTML. But it's restricted to search elements top-down.

This is what the basic syntax looks like

[source,java]
----
UiElement div = find(XPath.from("div"));
----

But it supports many other features you need when you select
elements from the DOM, like first and last element.

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("tr", 1);
XPath.from("tr", -1);
----

The xPath is generated _greedy_ by default. When you create an xPath like

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("body").select("div");
----

this equivalent result would be `//body//div`

If you want to restrict the selection to a child element, use the `/` prefix:

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("/body").select("/div");
----

which equivalent would be `/body/div`

It is also possible to pass groups in the `from` method only:

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("(//iframe|//frame)");
----

Or use functions:

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("*").attribute("local-name()", "svg");
----

== Elements that have classes

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("div").classes("navigation", "header");
----
This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<div class="header large navigation">
----
but not

[source,html]
----
<div class="navigation-header">
----

== Select an element that encloses another element

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("nav")
    .classes("mobile")
    .enclose("/div")
        .classes("navigation", "header");
----

This will find the `<nav>` element

[source,html]
----
<nav class="mobile">
    <div class="navigation header"></div>
</nav>
----

== Select an element by its text

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("*").text().hasWords("Login", "here");
XPath.from("*").text().contains("first");
XPath.from("*").text().endsWith("here ");
----
This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<a> Login first
    here </a>
----

== Select by attributes

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("*").attribute("src").endsWith(".png");
----

This will find elements like

[source,html]
----
<img src="http://example.com/image.png"/>
----

== Select a sub element

[source,java]
----
XPath.from("form")
    .attribute("name", "login")
    .select("button")
        .text().hasWords("Login here");
----
This will find the `<button>` element

[source,html]
----
<form name="login">
    <button> Login here * </button>
</form>
----
