docs/src/docs/extending-testerra/events-and-listener.adoc, before:

= Events and Listener

Testerra provides it own event service called `TesterraEventService` which basically fires events of type `ITesterraEventType`.
By default Testerra will register the `TesterraEventListener` by itself.
This basic implementation will fire the following events by default.

.TesterraEventType
|===
|Event |Description |Associated data

|TEST_METHOD_START
|Called on start of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>> and after all TestNG configuration methods like `@BeforeMethod`.
|#WIP#

|TEST_METHOD_END
|Called at the end of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>> and the execution fo all TestNG configuration methods like `@AfterMethod`.
|#WIP#

|CONFIGURATION_METHOD_START
|Called on start of every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` annotation or similar, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>>.
|#WIP#

|CONFIGURATION_METHOD_END
|Called at the end of every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` annotation or similar, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>>.
|#WIP#

|TEST_START
|Called on start of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation and every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` or similar, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>>
|#WIP#

|TEST_END
|Called at the end of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation and every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` or similar, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>>
|#WIP#

|RETRYING_METHOD
| #NOT called anywhere#
|#WIP#

|FIRST_FAILED_TEST
|Called on the first failing test of your test run.
|#WIP#

|TEST_WITH_FILTERED_THROWABLE
|Called on every failed test method when Testerra `RetryAnalyzer`found a cause to retry the test.
|#WIP#

|SYNC_METHOD_RESULT
|Called after every test method to determine a state where you can use the delivered data of the event to synchronize test results to test management system or issue tracker.
|#WIP#

|TAKE_SCREENSHOTS
| #NOT called anywhere#
|#WIP#

|CONTEXT_UPDATE
|Called on every context update of Testerra underlying data model.
|#WIP#

|===

== Create Custom Event Listeners

The simplest way to get in touch with the `TesterraEventServiuce` eco system is to write and register your own implementation of `TesterraEventListener`.
Listening to events and reacting to them will give your module the power to provide real time information of your test executions.

For a simple example we will add a `TesterraEventListener` that will log each event that was fired during the test execution.

.Simple LogEventListener
[source,java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.events.TesterraEventListener;

public class LogEventListener implements TesterraEventListener {

    private static Logger LOGGER = LoggerFactory.getLogger(LogEventListener.class);

    @Override
    public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Event logged: " + e.getTesterraEventType().name());
    }
}

----

As you noticed, the main part of your implementation of `TesterraEventListener` is done in the `fireEvent()` method, that you need to override.
If you only want to react to some event types, you can just filter by the `ITesterraEventType`.

.Filter events by event type
[source,java]
----
@Override
public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
    if (e.getTesterraEventType() == TesterraEventType.TEST_METHOD_START) {
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Test Method Start Event fired");
    }
}
----

Further more, events can provide some data, that can be retrieved by calling `getData()` on the `TesterraEvent` object.
To give you the best flexibility, this data is defined by an interface `ITesterraEventDataType`.
Testerra will come with a default set of event data types defined in `TesterraEventDataType`.

.Receive data
[source,java]
----
@Override
public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
    if (e.getTesterraEventType() == TesterraEventType.TEST_METHOD_START) {
        final String methodName = (String) e.getData().get(TesterraEventDataType.METHOD_NAME);
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Test Method Start Event fired for method: " + methodName);
    }
}
----

== Register custom event listener

After you defined your first custom `TesterraEventListener` you now have to register it to Testerra.
Think about it in a simple way.
You want to get a notice, when a Testerra event is fired, so you have to tell Testerra, that your module is waiting and listening to events.

While The <<Hook>> works automatically it is best practice to use the `init()` method of a `ModuleHook` to register custom `TesterraEventListener` implementations.

.Registering your listener
[source,java]
----
TesterraEventService.addListener(new LogEventListener());
----

== Create Custom Event Types
#WIP#

== Fire Custom Event Types
#WIP#

[source,java]
----
 TesterraEventService.getInstance().fireEvent(new TesterraEvent(TesterraEventType.SYNC_METHOD_RESULT)
                    .addUserData()
                    .addData(TesterraEventDataType.METHOD_NAME, methodName)
                    .addData(TesterraEventDataType.TESTRESULT_STATUS, testResult.getStatus())
                    .addData(TesterraEventDataType.ITestResult, testResult)
                    .addData(TesterraEventDataType.IInvokedMethod, invokedMethod)
----

Commit message:

: added a new paragraph about firing events by yourself

docs/src/docs/extending-testerra/events-and-listener.adoc, after:

= Events and Listener

Testerra provides it own event service called `TesterraEventService` which basically fires events of type `ITesterraEventType`.
By default Testerra will register the `TesterraEventListener` by itself.
This basic implementation will fire the following events by default.

.TesterraEventType
|===
|Event |Description |Associated data

|TEST_METHOD_START
|Called on start of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>> and after all TestNG configuration methods like `@BeforeMethod`.
|#WIP#

|TEST_METHOD_END
|Called at the end of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>> and the execution fo all TestNG configuration methods like `@AfterMethod`.
|#WIP#

|CONFIGURATION_METHOD_START
|Called on start of every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` annotation or similar, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>>.
|#WIP#

|CONFIGURATION_METHOD_END
|Called at the end of every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` annotation or similar, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>>.
|#WIP#

|TEST_START
|Called on start of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation and every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` or similar, but before the execution of registered <<Before Method Worker>>
|#WIP#

|TEST_END
|Called at the end of every test method annotated by TestNG `@Test` annotation and every test configuration method annotated by TestNG `@BeforeMethod` or similar, but before the execution of registered <<After Method Worker>>
|#WIP#

|RETRYING_METHOD
| #NOT called anywhere#
|#WIP#

|FIRST_FAILED_TEST
|Called on the first failing test of your test run.
|#WIP#

|TEST_WITH_FILTERED_THROWABLE
|Called on every failed test method when Testerra `RetryAnalyzer`found a cause to retry the test.
|#WIP#

|SYNC_METHOD_RESULT
|Called after every test method to determine a state where you can use the delivered data of the event to synchronize test results to test management system or issue tracker.
|#WIP#

|TAKE_SCREENSHOTS
| #NOT called anywhere#
|#WIP#

|CONTEXT_UPDATE
|Called on every context update of Testerra underlying data model.
|#WIP#

|===

== Create Custom Event Listeners

The simplest way to get in touch with the `TesterraEventServiuce` eco system is to write and register your own implementation of `TesterraEventListener`.
Listening to events and reacting to them will give your module the power to provide real time information of your test executions.

For a simple example we will add a `TesterraEventListener` that will log each event that was fired during the test execution.

.Simple LogEventListener
[source,java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.events.TesterraEventListener;

public class LogEventListener implements TesterraEventListener {

    private static Logger LOGGER = LoggerFactory.getLogger(LogEventListener.class);

    @Override
    public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Event logged: " + e.getTesterraEventType().name());
    }
}

----

As you noticed, the main part of your implementation of `TesterraEventListener` is done in the `fireEvent()` method, that you need to override.
If you only want to react to some event types, you can just filter by the `ITesterraEventType`.

.Filter events by event type
[source,java]
----
@Override
public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
    if (e.getTesterraEventType() == TesterraEventType.TEST_METHOD_START) {
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Test Method Start Event fired");
    }
}
----

Further more, events can provide some data, that can be retrieved by calling `getData()` on the `TesterraEvent` object.
To give you the best flexibility, this data is defined by an interface `ITesterraEventDataType`.
Testerra will come with a default set of event data types defined in `TesterraEventDataType`.

.Receive data
[source,java]
----
@Override
public void fireEvent(TesterraEvent e) {
    if (e.getTesterraEventType() == TesterraEventType.TEST_METHOD_START) {
        final String methodName = (String) e.getData().get(TesterraEventDataType.METHOD_NAME);
        LOGGER.info("Testerra Test Method Start Event fired for method: " + methodName);
    }
}
----

== Register custom event listener

After you defined your first custom `TesterraEventListener` you now have to register it to Testerra.
Think about it in a simple way.
You want to get a notice, when a Testerra event is fired, so you have to tell Testerra, that your module is waiting and listening to events.

While The <<Hook>> works automatically it is best practice to use the `init()` method of a `ModuleHook` to register custom `TesterraEventListener` implementations.

.Registering your listener
[source,java]
----
TesterraEventService.addListener(new LogEventListener());
----

== Fire Events by yourself

While Implementing your own Testerra module you may reach a point, where you want to inform other components of Testerra or other Testerra modules about an important change or an event.
You can achieve this by just telling the `TesterraEventService` that an event should be fired.

For example, if your Testerra module changes some data in the underlying data model, you have to inform all other "participants" of the `TesterraEventService` eco system about your change by firing an `TesterraEventType.CONTEXT_UPDATE` event.

You may want to add some data, that other registered implementations of the `TesterraEventListener` can work on.

[source,java]
----
// Update some data in data model...
methodContext.name = "new_Test_Method_Name";

 TesterraEventService.getInstance().fireEvent(new TesterraEvent(TesterraEventType.CONTEXT_UPDATE)
                    .addUserData()
                    .addData(TesterraEventDataType.CONTEXT, methodContext));
----

By calling the `addUserData()` method on the event, Testerra will automatically add the global and thread-local user data to the event, provided by `TesterraEventUserDataManager` covered in the section "<<Adding user data>>".

== Create Custom Event Types

As you may already know, Testerra comes with some default `ITesterraEventType` that are stored in `TesterraEventType`.
#WIP#

== Adding user data

#WIP#
TesterraEventUserDataManager

Need example for this.
