docs/src/docs/gettingstarted/mandatory-steps.adoc, before:

= Mandatory steps

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

== Testerra setup

The Testerra framework is deployed to a https://bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra[Bintray repository]. Make sure, that you added the jCenter repository somewhere.

Current release: image:https://img.shields.io/bintray/v/testerra-io/Testerra/eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:core?label=Testerra%20Framework[Bintray]

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// Update your gradle configuration
repositories {
    jCenter()
    maven {
        url  "https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra"
    }
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- settings.xml - Update your current profile -->
<profile>
    ...
    <repositories>
        <repository>
            <id>jcenter</id>
            <url>https://jcenter.bintray.com/</url>
        </repository>
        <repository>
            <snapshots>
                <enabled>false</enabled>
            </snapshots>
            <id>bintray-testerra-io-Testerra</id>
            <name>bintray</name>
            <url>https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra</url>
        </repository>
    </repositories>
    <pluginRepositories>
        <pluginRepository>
            <snapshots>
                <enabled>false</enabled>
            </snapshots>
            <id>bintray-testerra-io-Testerra</id>
            <name>bintray-plugins</name>
            <url>https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra</url>
        </pluginRepository>
    </pluginRepositories>
    ...
</profile>

----

For Testerra you need at least the following dependencies.

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle

apply plugin: 'java'

// Its highly recommended to normalize your project to Unicode
compileJava.options.encoding = 'UTF-8'
compileTestJava.options.encoding = "UTF-8"

dependencies {
    compile 'eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:driver-ui-desktop:1-SNAPSHOT'
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<project>
    <properties>
        <maven.compiler.source>1.8</maven.compiler.source>
        <maven.compiler.target>1.8</maven.compiler.target>
        <!-- Its highly recommended to normalize your project to Unicode -->
        <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
    </properties>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra</groupId>
            <artifactId>driver-ui-desktop</artifactId>
            <version>1-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</project>
----

== Create project structure

Your project structure should comply with these simple constraints.

* `src/main` Contains all the code for your project like <<PageObjects>>, Models and language specific resources.
* `src/test` Contains all test related code like your Tests, Test-Suites, Test-Data and Testerra related setup.

== Create test.properties

Create a new file at `src/test/resources` with the name `test.properties`.

.test.properties
[source, properties, subs="attributes"]
----
# Setting the browser
{browser}=chrome

# Setting the start page
{baseurl}=http://example.org
----

TIP: All defined properties can be overwritten later by adding system parameters to your command +
(e.a `-D{browser}=firefox`)

All supported browsers are listed in <<WebdriverManager properties>>

== Create Page Class

Now its time to create a first simple page class. It should be saved at path `src\main\java\<package>`. The following example represents the website example.org. It contains one possible link to click and one method to test.

.New page class
[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.pageobjects.Page;

public class ExamplePage extends Page {

    @Check
    private GuiElement moreInformationLink = new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.partialLinkText("More information"));

    public ExamplePage(WebDriver driver) {
        super(driver);
    }

    public void clickOnMoreInformation() {
        moreInformationLink.click();
    }
}
----

[TIP]
======
The basic Page class added all the page object functionality of Testerra to your project. See <<PageObjects>> chapter for more details.

The GuiElement describes the elements like links, buttons, etc. on your page. Learn more about GuiElements in <<GuiElements>>.
======

== Create Test Class and Test Method

The easiest way to create a new test, is by creating a new class in the path of `src\test\java\<package>` and let it extend from `TesterraTest`. If you already have test classes that extend, you can add the `TesterraListener` manually. Both ways do basically the same.
To stick to the example above, here is a very simple test class which navigates to example.org and clicks on the link defined on the example page. Again, probably imports must be made in IDE.

.TesterraTest
[source, java, role="primary"]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.testing.TesterraTest;

public class ExampleTest extends TesterraTest {

    @Test
    public void testT01_My_first_test() {
        WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
        ExamplePage examplePage = PageFactory.create(ExamplePage.class, driver);
        examplePage.clickOnMoreInformation();
    }
}
----

.TesterraListener
[source, java, role="secondary"]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.report.TesterraListener;
import org.testng.annotations.Listeners;

@Listeners(TesterraListener.class)
public class ExampleTest {
}
----

== Setup Selenium

If you don't have a remote selenium yet, you can easily install it by the package manager of your choice.

.https://chocolatey.org[chocolately] for Windows
[source, cmd, role="primary"]
----
choco install selenium selenium-chrome-driver
----

.Ubuntu/Debian
[source, cmd, role="secondary"]
----
apt-get install chromium-chromedriver
----

.https://brew.sh[homebrew] for Mac
[source, cmd, role="secondary"]
----
brew install selenium-server-standalone chromedriver
----

Read here, if you want to setup <<WebDriver sessions,another Selenium configuration>>.

== Setup a test suite

To customize the executing of your tests, you have to create a TestNG suite file `suite.xml` and locate it at `src/test/resources`

.suite.xml
[source, xml]
----
<!DOCTYPE suite SYSTEM "https://testng.org/testng-1.0.dtd" >
<suite name="Suite1" verbose="1" thread-count="10" configfailurepolicy="continue" parallel="false">
    <test name="Test1" parallel="methods">
        <classes>
            <class name="ExampleTest"/>
        </classes>
    </test>
</suite>
----

== Setup test build target

In order to get tests to work, you need to setup a build target `test` in your project.

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle
test {
    useTestNG() {
        suites file('src/test/resources/suite.xml')
    }

    testLogging {
        outputs.upToDateWhen { false }
        showStandardStreams = true
    }

    // Important: Forward all JVM properties like proxy settings to TestNG
    options {
        systemProperties(System.getProperties())
    }

    // basically execution returns "GREEN" (framework exits with exit code > 0 if there were failures)
    ignoreFailures = true
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<project>
    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
                <configuration>
                    <skip>true</skip>
                    <testFailureIgnore>true</testFailureIgnore>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

    <profiles>
        <profile>
            <id>mySuite</id>
            <activation>
                <activeByDefault>true</activeByDefault>
            </activation>
            <build>
                <plugins>
                    <plugin>
                        <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
                        <configuration>
                            <skip>false</skip>
                            <suiteXmlFiles>
                                <suiteXmlFile>src/test/resources/suite.xml</suiteXmlFile>
                            </suiteXmlFiles>
                        </configuration>
                    </plugin>
                </plugins>
            </build>
        </profile>
    </profiles>
</project>
----

== Run the tests
Finally you are good to run your very first test by entering the following command:

.Gradle
[source, bash, role="primary"]
----
gradle test
----

.Maven
[source, bash, role="secondary"]
----
mvn test
----

== Testerra Report

The Testerra test report is automatically generated and can be found at `<project>/testerra-report/index.html`.

Commit message:

: Add some more badges, add Testerra Skeleton

docs/src/docs/gettingstarted/mandatory-steps.adoc, after:

= Mandatory steps

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

== Testerra Skeleton project

We provide a skeleton project of Testerra to demontrate the basic features.

GitHub: https://github.com/telekom/testerra-skeleton

== Testerra manual setup

The Testerra framework is deployed to a https://bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra[Bintray repository]. Make sure, that you added the jCenter repository somewhere.

Current release: image:https://img.shields.io/bintray/v/testerra-io/Testerra/eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:core?label=Testerra%20Framework[Bintray]

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// Update your gradle configuration
repositories {
    jCenter()
    maven {
        url  "https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra"
    }
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- settings.xml - Update your current profile -->
<profile>
    ...
    <repositories>
        <repository>
            <id>jcenter</id>
            <url>https://jcenter.bintray.com/</url>
        </repository>
        <repository>
            <snapshots>
                <enabled>false</enabled>
            </snapshots>
            <id>bintray-testerra-io-Testerra</id>
            <name>bintray</name>
            <url>https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra</url>
        </repository>
    </repositories>
    <pluginRepositories>
        <pluginRepository>
            <snapshots>
                <enabled>false</enabled>
            </snapshots>
            <id>bintray-testerra-io-Testerra</id>
            <name>bintray-plugins</name>
            <url>https://dl.bintray.com/testerra-io/Testerra</url>
        </pluginRepository>
    </pluginRepositories>
    ...
</profile>

----

For Testerra you need at least the following dependencies.

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle

apply plugin: 'java'

// Its highly recommended to normalize your project to Unicode
compileJava.options.encoding = 'UTF-8'
compileTestJava.options.encoding = "UTF-8"

dependencies {
    compile 'eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra:driver-ui-desktop:1-SNAPSHOT'
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<project>
    <properties>
        <maven.compiler.source>1.8</maven.compiler.source>
        <maven.compiler.target>1.8</maven.compiler.target>
        <!-- Its highly recommended to normalize your project to Unicode -->
        <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
    </properties>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testerra</groupId>
            <artifactId>driver-ui-desktop</artifactId>
            <version>1-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</project>
----

== Create project structure

Your project structure should comply with these simple constraints.

* `src/main` Contains all the code for your project like <<PageObjects>>, Models and language specific resources.
* `src/test` Contains all test related code like your Tests, Test-Suites, Test-Data and Testerra related setup.

== Create test.properties

Create a new file at `src/test/resources` with the name `test.properties`.

.test.properties
[source, properties, subs="attributes"]
----
# Setting the browser
{browser}=chrome

# Setting the start page
{baseurl}=http://example.org
----

TIP: All defined properties can be overwritten later by adding system parameters to your command +
(e.a `-D{browser}=firefox`)

All supported browsers are listed in <<WebdriverManager properties>>

== Create Page Class

Now its time to create a first simple page class. It should be saved at path `src\main\java\<package>`. The following example represents the website example.org. It contains one possible link to click and one method to test.

.New page class
[source, java]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.pageobjects.Page;

public class ExamplePage extends Page {

    @Check
    private GuiElement moreInformationLink = new GuiElement(this.getWebDriver(), By.partialLinkText("More information"));

    public ExamplePage(WebDriver driver) {
        super(driver);
    }

    public void clickOnMoreInformation() {
        moreInformationLink.click();
    }
}
----

[TIP]
======
The basic Page class added all the page object functionality of Testerra to your project. See <<PageObjects>> chapter for more details.

The GuiElement describes the elements like links, buttons, etc. on your page. Learn more about GuiElements in <<GuiElements>>.
======

== Create Test Class and Test Method

The easiest way to create a new test, is by creating a new class in the path of `src\test\java\<package>` and let it extend from `TesterraTest`. If you already have test classes that extend, you can add the `TesterraListener` manually. Both ways do basically the same.
To stick to the example above, here is a very simple test class which navigates to example.org and clicks on the link defined on the example page. Again, probably imports must be made in IDE.

.TesterraTest
[source, java, role="primary"]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.testing.TesterraTest;

public class ExampleTest extends TesterraTest {

    @Test
    public void testT01_My_first_test() {
        WebDriver driver = WebDriverManager.getWebDriver();
        ExamplePage examplePage = PageFactory.create(ExamplePage.class, driver);
        examplePage.clickOnMoreInformation();
    }
}
----

.TesterraListener
[source, java, role="secondary"]
----
import eu.tsystems.mms.tic.testframework.report.TesterraListener;
import org.testng.annotations.Listeners;

@Listeners(TesterraListener.class)
public class ExampleTest {
}
----

== Setup Selenium

If you don't have a remote selenium yet, you can easily install it by the package manager of your choice.

.https://chocolatey.org[chocolately] for Windows
[source, cmd, role="primary"]
----
choco install selenium selenium-chrome-driver
----

.Ubuntu/Debian
[source, cmd, role="secondary"]
----
apt-get install chromium-chromedriver
----

.https://brew.sh[homebrew] for Mac
[source, cmd, role="secondary"]
----
brew install selenium-server-standalone chromedriver
----

Read here, if you want to setup <<WebDriver sessions,another Selenium configuration>>.

== Setup a test suite

To customize the executing of your tests, you have to create a TestNG suite file `suite.xml` and locate it at `src/test/resources`

.suite.xml
[source, xml]
----
<!DOCTYPE suite SYSTEM "https://testng.org/testng-1.0.dtd" >
<suite name="Suite1" verbose="1" thread-count="10" configfailurepolicy="continue" parallel="false">
    <test name="Test1" parallel="methods">
        <classes>
            <class name="ExampleTest"/>
        </classes>
    </test>
</suite>
----

== Setup test build target

In order to get tests to work, you need to setup a build target `test` in your project.

.Gradle
[source, gradle, role="primary"]
----
// build.gradle
test {
    useTestNG() {
        suites file('src/test/resources/suite.xml')
    }

    testLogging {
        outputs.upToDateWhen { false }
        showStandardStreams = true
    }

    // Important: Forward all JVM properties like proxy settings to TestNG
    options {
        systemProperties(System.getProperties())
    }

    // basically execution returns "GREEN" (framework exits with exit code > 0 if there were failures)
    ignoreFailures = true
}
----

.Maven
[source, xml, role="secondary"]
----
<!-- pom.xml -->
<project>
    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
                <configuration>
                    <skip>true</skip>
                    <testFailureIgnore>true</testFailureIgnore>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

    <profiles>
        <profile>
            <id>mySuite</id>
            <activation>
                <activeByDefault>true</activeByDefault>
            </activation>
            <build>
                <plugins>
                    <plugin>
                        <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
                        <configuration>
                            <skip>false</skip>
                            <suiteXmlFiles>
                                <suiteXmlFile>src/test/resources/suite.xml</suiteXmlFile>
                            </suiteXmlFiles>
                        </configuration>
                    </plugin>
                </plugins>
            </build>
        </profile>
    </profiles>
</project>
----

== Run the tests
Finally you are good to run your very first test by entering the following command:

.Gradle
[source, bash, role="primary"]
----
gradle test
----

.Maven
[source, bash, role="secondary"]
----
mvn test
----

== Testerra Report

The Testerra test report is automatically generated and can be found at `<project>/testerra-report/index.html`.
