docs/src/docs/gettingstarted/system-proxy.adoc, before:

= Using a proxy

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

There are three ways for setting up a proxy for your test run environment.

- System proxy settings for the build environment (Maven, Gradle), TestNG, JVM and Selenium
- Testerra proxy settings for TestNG, JVM and Selenium only
- Browser proxy settings for the SUT, which is done by capabilities as described here <<Browser capabilities,Proxy setup>>

== System proxy (recommended)

To setup a proxy for the whole system, including the build environment (Maven, Gradle), the JVM and Testerra, the recommended way is to pass it by command line arguments like
[source]
----
gradle test -Dhttps.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com -Dhttps.proxyPort=8080
----
IMPORTANT: Setting the System proxy will override the Testerra proxy settings.

== Testerra proxy

If you want to setup a proxy for Testerra, including TestNG, JVM and Selenium, just add `proxysettings.properties` to your resource bundle at `src/test/resources` with the following content

For example Testerra requires this setting to connect to a Selenium grid, if you are in a corporate network.

.Example of proxysettings.properties
[source,properties]
----
https.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com
https.proxyPort=8080
https.proxyUser=
https.proxyPassword=
https.nonProxyHosts=localhost|192.168.0.1

http.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com
http.proxyPort=8080
http.proxyUser=
http.proxyPassword=
----
The path of this file be changed by `{proxy_settings_file}` and will be automatically loaded during runtime when `{proxy_settings_load}` is `true` with the following message
----
common.TesterraCommons - Load proxy settings: /path/to/your/proxysettings.properties
----

IMPORTANT: Setting up the Testerra proxy will not setup a proxy for the build environment nor a browser.

== Access the system proxy URL

Both system and Testerra proxy can be accessed by <<Proxy Utilities>>

Commit message:

Changed the behaviour of proxysettings.properties to system.properties

docs/src/docs/gettingstarted/system-proxy.adoc, after:

= Using a proxy

include::../properties/property-attributes.adoc[]

There are three ways for setting up a proxy for your test run environment.

- System proxy settings for the build environment (Maven, Gradle), TestNG, JVM and Selenium
- Browser proxy settings for the SUT, which is done by capabilities as described here <<Browser capabilities,Proxy setup>>

== Command line (recommended)
To setup a proxy for the whole system, including the build environment (Maven, Gradle), the JVM and Testerra, the recommended way is to pass it by command line arguments like
[source]
----
gradle test -Dhttps.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com -Dhttps.proxyPort=8080
----

== System properties file

You can also put your proxy settings to a file name `system.properties`  to your resource bundle at `src/test/resources` with the following content

.Example of system.properties
[source,properties]
----
https.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com
https.proxyPort=8080
https.proxyUser=
https.proxyPassword=
https.nonProxyHosts=localhost|192.168.0.1

http.proxyHost=your-proxy-host.com
http.proxyPort=8080
http.proxyUser=
http.proxyPassword=
----
The path of this file can be changed by `{system_settings_file}` and will be automatically loaded with the following message
----
common.TesterraCommons - Load system properties: /path/to/your/system.properties
----

== Access the system proxy URL

The system proxy can be accessed by <<Proxy Utilities>>
