docs/src/docs/execution/execution-fail-annotation.adoc, before:

= Expected Fails

For known issues on the SUT the annoation `@Fails` can used to mark a test method as failing. These test cases are marked as `Expected failed` separately in the report.

If tests are passed again, you get a note in the report to remove the `Fails` annotation.

[source,java]
----
@Test
@Fails()
public void testItWillFail() {
    Assert.assertTrue(false);
}
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
The result is technically still a failure and only visually elevated to facilitate the evaluation of the report.

Please keep in mind that `@Fails` has an impact to <<Failure Corridor>>
====

== Add additional information

You can add additional information to describe the cause in more detail. All information are added to the report.

[source,java]
----
@Test
@Fails(description="This test fails for reasons")
public void testItWillFail() {
    Assert.assertTrue(false);
}
----

.Possible attributes for the `Fails` annotation
[cols="2,5",options="header"]
|===
| Attribute | Description
| description | Give more details about the failure.
| ticketId | Define a bug ticket ID as an int value.
| ticketString | Define a bug ticket ID as a String value.
| intoReport | Define who is shown in the report. If true the failing test isn't shown separately as `Expected Failed` but as `Failed`.
| validFor | Define the <<Define conditions, conditions>> of the expected failed.
|===

== Define conditions

You can specify some conditions for expected fails. Only if *_all_* conditions are true, the test is marked as `Expected failed`, otherwise as `Failed`.

.The conditions are based on properties specified in `test.properties`
[source, properties, subs="attributes"]
----
# test.properties
environment=test
country=de
----

.Usage of validFor in the `@Fails` annotation
[source, java]
----
@Test
@Fails(description = "Failing for environment 'test' and country 'de'", validFor = {"environment=test", "country=de"})
public void testExpectedFailed() {
    Assert.fail();
}
----

If the test is executed with other values of the properties (like country=uk) the test will marked as `Failed`.

Commit message:

: updated MethodAnnotationCheckerWorker with adding prioryMessage for @Fails in conjunction with DataProvider; updated addPriorityMessage in MethodContext; add Information for not using  @Fails in conjunction with DataProvider in execution-fail-annotation.adoc

docs/src/docs/execution/execution-fail-annotation.adoc, after:

[#Fails]
= Expected Fails

For known issues on the SUT the annoation `@Fails` can used to mark a test method as failing. These test cases are marked as `Expected failed` separately in the report.

If tests are passed again, you get a note in the report to remove the `Fails` annotation.

[source,java]
----
@Test
@Fails()
public void testItWillFail() {
    Assert.assertTrue(false);
}
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
The result is technically still a failure and only visually elevated to facilitate the evaluation of the report.

Please keep in mind that `@Fails` has an impact to <<Failure Corridor>>.

`@Fails` must not be used in conjunction with TestNG `@DataProvider`.
====

== Add additional information

You can add additional information to describe the cause in more detail. All information are added to the report.

[source,java]
----
@Test
@Fails(description="This test fails for reasons")
public void testItWillFail() {
    Assert.assertTrue(false);
}
----

.Possible attributes for the `Fails` annotation
[cols="2,5",options="header"]
|===
| Attribute | Description
| description | Give more details about the failure.
| ticketId | Define a bug ticket ID as an int value.
| ticketString | Define a bug ticket ID as a String value.
| intoReport | Define who is shown in the report. If true the failing test isn't shown separately as `Expected Failed` but as `Failed`.
| validFor | Define the <<Define conditions, conditions>> of the expected failed.
|===

== Define conditions

You can specify some conditions for expected fails. Only if *_all_* conditions are true, the test is marked as `Expected failed`, otherwise as `Failed`.

.The conditions are based on properties specified in `test.properties`
[source, properties, subs="attributes"]
----
# test.properties
environment=test
country=de
----

.Usage of validFor in the `@Fails` annotation
[source, java]
----
@Test
@Fails(description = "Failing for environment 'test' and country 'de'", validFor = {"environment=test", "country=de"})
public void testExpectedFailed() {
    Assert.fail();
}
----

If the test is executed with other values of the properties (like country=uk) the test will marked as `Failed`.
