docs/src/docs/properties/execution-probs.adoc, before:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4a",options="header"]
|===
| Property | default | Description
| {demomode} | true | Visually marks every GuiElement that is being processed by click, type or assert. This may break layout checks.
| {dryrun} | false | All testmethods are executed with ignoring all steps. Also all setup methods (before, after) are ignored. +
This is useful to check your TestNG suite without executing real testcode.
| {list_tests} | false | Lists all test methods in the current context without executing them.
| {on_state_testfailed_skip_shutdown} | false | If true all browser sessions are left open.
| {on_state_testfailed_skip_following_tests} | false | If true, all follwoing tests are skipped in case a test failed.
| {failed_tests_if_throwable_classes} | na. | Failed tests condition: Throwable Class(~es, devided by ','. +
#link to more#
| {failed_tests_if_throwable_messages} | na. | Failed tests condition. Throwable Message(~s, devided by ','). +
#link to more#
| {failed_tests_Nmax_retries} |  | +
{platform_badge}
| {failed_tests_retry_flapping} |  |
| {reuse_dataprovider_driver_by_thread} | false | Reuse existing Webdriver session for a thread of dataprovider
| {watchdog_enable} |  |
| {watchdog_timeout_seconds} |  |
| {failure_corridor_active} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_high} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_mid} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_low} |  |
|===

Commit message:

: removed platform_badge references, because we should add the tapas-related advertisement as a "eye catcher" if it is ready to use

docs/src/docs/properties/execution-probs.adoc, after:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4a",options="header"]
|===
| Property | default | Description
| {demomode} | true | Visually marks every GuiElement that is being processed by click, type or assert. This may break layout checks.
| {dryrun} | false | All testmethods are executed with ignoring all steps. Also all setup methods (before, after) are ignored. +
This is useful to check your TestNG suite without executing real testcode.
| {list_tests} | false | Lists all test methods in the current context without executing them.
| {on_state_testfailed_skip_shutdown} | false | If true all browser sessions are left open.
| {on_state_testfailed_skip_following_tests} | false | If true, all follwoing tests are skipped in case a test failed.
| {failed_tests_if_throwable_classes} | na. | Failed tests condition: Throwable Class(~es, devided by ','. +
#link to more#
| {failed_tests_if_throwable_messages} | na. | Failed tests condition. Throwable Message(~s, devided by ','). +
#link to more#
| {failed_tests_max_retries} | 1 | How often tests should be retried by the Testerra RetryAnalyzer
| {reuse_dataprovider_driver_by_thread} | false | Reuse existing Webdriver session for a thread of dataprovider
| {watchdog_enable} |  |
| {watchdog_timeout_seconds} |  |
| {failure_corridor_active} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_high} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_mid} |  |
| {failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_low} |  |
|===
