docs/src/docs/properties/property-attributes.adoc, before:

// Defintion of property attributes
// If a property was changed in Testerra, change it here!

// Testerra core
:proxy_settings_load:                           tt.proxy.settings.load
:proxy_settings_file:                           tt.proxy.settings.file

// webdriver
:browser:                                       tt.browser
:browser_version:                               tt.browser.version
:browser_setting:                               tt.browser.setting
:baseurl:                                       tt.baseurl
:webdriver_mode:                                tt.webdriver.mode
:selenium_server_url:                           tt.selenium.server.url
:selenium_server_host:                          tt.selenium.server.host
:selenium_server_port:                          tt.selenium.server.port
:browser_maximize:                              tt.browser.maximize
:browser_maximize_position:                     tt.browser.maximize.position
:display_resolution:                            tt.display.resolution
:wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods:             tt.wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods
:wdm_closewindows_onfailure:                    tt.wdm.closewindows.onfailure
:wdm_timeouts_selenium_command_stuck:           tt.wdm.timeouts.seconds.selenium.command.stuck
:wdm_timeouts_window_switch:                    tt.wdm.timeouts.seconds.window.switch.duration
:takeAutomaticScreenshot:                       tt.takeAutomaticScreenshot
:webdriver_timeouts_seconds_pageload:           webdriver.timeouts.seconds.pageload
:webdriver_timeouts_seconds_script:             webdriver.timeouts.seconds.script

// pagefactory
:project_package:                               tt.project.package
:page_factory_loops:                            tt.page.factory.loops

// guielement
:element_timeout_seconds:                       tt.element.timeout.seconds
:guielement_default_assertcollector:            tt.guielement.default.assertcollector
:guielement_use_js_alternatives:                tt.guielement.use.js.alternatives
:guielement_checkrule:                          tt.guielement.checkrule
:delay_after_guielement_find_millis:            tt.delay.after.guielement.find.millis
:delay_before_guielement_action_millis:         tt.delay.before.guielement.action.millis
:delay_after_guielement_action_millis:          tt.delay.after.guielement.action.millis

// report
:reportdir:                                     tt.report.dir
:reportname:                                    tt.report.name
:runcfg:                                        tt.runcfg
:screenshotter_active:                          tt.screenshotter.active
:report_screenshots_preview:                    tt.report.screenshots.preview
:screenshot_on_pageload:                        tt.screenshot.on.pageload
:screencaster_active:                           tt.screencaster.active

// execution
:dryrun:                                        tt.dryrun
:demomode:                                      tt.demomode
:list_tests:                                    tt.list.tests
:on_state_testfailed_skip_shutdown:             tt.on.state.testfailed.skip.shutdown
:on_state_testfailed_skip_following_tests:      tt.on.state.testfailed.skip.following.tests
:failed_tests_if_throwable_classes:             tt.failed.tests.if.throwable.classes
:failed_tests_if_throwable_messages:            tt.failed.tests.if.throwable.messages
:failed_tests_max_retries:                      tt.failed.tests.max.retries
:reuse_dataprovider_driver_by_thread:           tt.reuse.dataprovider.driver.by.thread
:execution_omit_indevelopment:                  tt.execution.omit.indevelopment

:watchdog_enable:                               tt.watchdog.enable
:watchdog_timeout_seconds:                      tt.watchdog.timeout.seconds

:failure_corridor_active:                       tt.failure.corridor.active
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests:         tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_high:    tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.high
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_mid:     tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.mid
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_low:     tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.low

:layoutcheck_takereference:                     tt.layoutcheck.takereference
:layoutcheck_reference_path:                    tt.layoutcheck.reference.path
:layoutcheck_reference_nametemplate:            tt.layoutcheck.reference.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_ignore_color:                      tt.layoutcheck.use.ignore.color

:layoutcheck_use_area_color:                    tt.layoutcheck.use.area.color
// :layoutcheck_mode:                              tt.layoutcheck.mode
:layoutcheck_actual_template:                   tt.layoutcheck.actual.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_distance_template:                 tt.layoutcheck.distance.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_distance_path:                     tt.layoutcheck.distance.path
:layoutcheck_actual_path:                       tt.layoutcheck.actual.path
:layoutcheck_pixel_rgb_deviation_percent:       tt.layout.pixel.rgb.deviation.percent

:layoutcheck_pixel_rgb_deviation_percent:       tt.layoutcheck.match.threshold
:layoutcheck_displacement_threshold:            tt.layoutcheck.displacement.threshold
:layoutcheck_intra_grouping_threshold:          tt.layoutcheck.intra.grouping.threshold
:layoutcheck_min_match_distance:                tt.layoutcheck.min.match.distance
:layoutcheck_min_size_difference_sub_images:    tt.layoutcheck.min.size.difference.sub.images
:layoutcheck_distance_multiple_matches:         tt.layoutcheck.distance.multiple.matches

// error classes
:layoutcheck_ignore_ambiguous_movement:         tt.layoutcheck.ignore.ambiguous.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_movement:                   tt.layoutcheck.ignore.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_group_movement:             tt.layoutcheck.ignore.group.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_missing_elements:           tt.layoutcheck.ignore.missing.elements
:layoutcheck_ignore_ambiguous_match:            tt.layoutcheck.ignore.ambiguous.match

// annotated mode related
// :layoutcheck_annotated_nametemplate:            tt.layoutcheck.annotated.nametemplate
// :layoutcheck_annotationdata_nametemplate:       tt.layoutcheck.annotationdata.nametemplate
// :layoutcheck_min_similar_movement_errors:       tt.layoutcheck.min.similar.movement.errors
// :layoutcheck_min_marked_pixels:                 tt.layoutcheck.minimum.marked.pixels
// :layoutcheck_max_marked_pixels_ratio:           tt.layoutcheck.maximum.marked.pixels.ratio

// :layoutcheck_error_detector_min_line_length:    tt.layoutcheck.text.error.detector.minimal.line.length
// :layoutcheck_error_detector_min_edge_strength:  tt.layoutcheck.text.error.detector.minimal.edge.strength
// :layoutcheck_assert_info_mode:                  tt.layoutcheck.assert.info.mode

// source utils
:source_utils_root:                             tt.module.source.root
:source_utils_line_prefetch:                    tt.source.lines.prefetch
:source_utils_activate_sources:                 tt.report.activate.sources

// perf
:perf_test:                                     tt.perf.test
:perf_generate_statistics:                      tt.perf.generate.statistics
:perf_thinktime_ms:                             tt.perf.page.thinktime.ms

// Selenoid connector
:screencaster_active:                           tt.screencaster.active
:selenoid_vnc_enabled:                          tt.selenoid.vnc.enabled
:selenoid_vnc_address:                          tt.selenoid.vnc.address

// Xray connector
:xray_sync_enabled:                                 xray.sync.enabled
:xray_sync_skipped:                                 xray.sync.skipped
:xray_sync_strategy:                                xray.sync.strategy
:xray_rest_service_uri:                             xray.rest.service.uri
:xray_project_key:                                  xray.project.key
:xray_user:                                         xray.user
:xray_password:                                     xray.password
:xray_test_execution_start_time_field_id:           xray.test.execution.start.time.field.id
:xray_test_execution_finish_time_field_id:          xray.test.execution.finish.time.field.id
:xray_test_execution_revision_field_id:             xray.test.execution.revision.field.id
:xray_test_execution_test_environments_field_id:    xray.test.execution.test-environments.field.id
:xray_validation_revision_regexp:                   xray.validation.revision.regexp
:xray_validation_summary_regexp:                    xray.validation.summary.regexp
:xray_validation_description_regexp:                xray.validation.description.regexp
:xray_previous_result_filename:                     xray.previous.result.filename
:xray_transitions_on_created:                       xray.transitions.on.created
:xray_transitions_on_updated:                       xray.transitions.on.updated
:xray_transitions_on_done:                          xray.transitions.on.done
:xray_webresource_filterlogging_enabled:            xray.webresource.filter.logging.enabled
:xray_webresource_filter_getrequestonly_enabled:    xray.webresource.filter.getrequestsonly.enabled
:xray_webresource_filter_getrequestonly_fake_response_key:    xray.webresource.filter.getrequestsonly.fake.response.key

// HPQC / ALM connector
:qc_sync_active:                        qc.sync.active
:qc_connection_server:                  qc.connection.server
:qc_connection_user:                    qc.connection.user
:qc_connection_password:                qc.connection.password
:qc_connection_domain:                  qc.connection.domain
:qc_connection_project:                 qc.connection.project
:qc_version:                            qc.version
:qc_field_mapping_testrun:              qc.field.mapping.testrun
:qc_upload_screenshots_off:             qc.upload.screenshots.off
:qc_test_failed_upload_screenshots:     qc.test.failed.upload.screenshots
:qc_test_passed_upload_screenshots:     qc.test.passed.upload.screenshots
:qc_upload_videos:                      qc.upload.videos
:qc_test_failed_upload_videos:          qc.test.failed.upload.videos
:qc_test_passed_upload_videos:          qc.test.passed.upload.videos
:qc_test_execution_filter:              qc.test.execution.filter

Commit message:

: added properties for screencast of successful and failed tests; added default values for new screencast properties in Flags updated AbstractMethodEvent with method isPassed updated AbstractEvidencesWorker using new screencast properties updated adoc files with new screencast documentation

docs/src/docs/properties/property-attributes.adoc, after:

// Defintion of property attributes
// If a property was changed in Testerra, change it here!

// Testerra core
:proxy_settings_load:                           tt.proxy.settings.load
:proxy_settings_file:                           tt.proxy.settings.file

// webdriver
:browser:                                       tt.browser
:browser_version:                               tt.browser.version
:browser_setting:                               tt.browser.setting
:baseurl:                                       tt.baseurl
:webdriver_mode:                                tt.webdriver.mode
:selenium_server_url:                           tt.selenium.server.url
:selenium_server_host:                          tt.selenium.server.host
:selenium_server_port:                          tt.selenium.server.port
:browser_maximize:                              tt.browser.maximize
:browser_maximize_position:                     tt.browser.maximize.position
:display_resolution:                            tt.display.resolution
:wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods:             tt.wdm.closewindows.aftertestmethods
:wdm_closewindows_onfailure:                    tt.wdm.closewindows.onfailure
:wdm_timeouts_selenium_command_stuck:           tt.wdm.timeouts.seconds.selenium.command.stuck
:wdm_timeouts_window_switch:                    tt.wdm.timeouts.seconds.window.switch.duration
:takeAutomaticScreenshot:                       tt.takeAutomaticScreenshot
:webdriver_timeouts_seconds_pageload:           webdriver.timeouts.seconds.pageload
:webdriver_timeouts_seconds_script:             webdriver.timeouts.seconds.script

// pagefactory
:project_package:                               tt.project.package
:page_factory_loops:                            tt.page.factory.loops

// guielement
:element_timeout_seconds:                       tt.element.timeout.seconds
:guielement_default_assertcollector:            tt.guielement.default.assertcollector
:guielement_use_js_alternatives:                tt.guielement.use.js.alternatives
:guielement_checkrule:                          tt.guielement.checkrule
:delay_after_guielement_find_millis:            tt.delay.after.guielement.find.millis
:delay_before_guielement_action_millis:         tt.delay.before.guielement.action.millis
:delay_after_guielement_action_millis:          tt.delay.after.guielement.action.millis

// report
:reportdir:                                     tt.report.dir
:reportname:                                    tt.report.name
:runcfg:                                        tt.runcfg
:screenshotter_active:                          tt.screenshotter.active
:report_screenshots_preview:                    tt.report.screenshots.preview
:screenshot_on_pageload:                        tt.screenshot.on.pageload
:screencaster_active:                           tt.screencaster.active
:screencaster_active_on_failed:                 tt.screencaster.active.on.failed
:screencaster_active_on_success:                tt.screencaster.active.on.success

// execution
:dryrun:                                        tt.dryrun
:demomode:                                      tt.demomode
:list_tests:                                    tt.list.tests
:on_state_testfailed_skip_shutdown:             tt.on.state.testfailed.skip.shutdown
:on_state_testfailed_skip_following_tests:      tt.on.state.testfailed.skip.following.tests
:failed_tests_if_throwable_classes:             tt.failed.tests.if.throwable.classes
:failed_tests_if_throwable_messages:            tt.failed.tests.if.throwable.messages
:failed_tests_max_retries:                      tt.failed.tests.max.retries
:reuse_dataprovider_driver_by_thread:           tt.reuse.dataprovider.driver.by.thread
:execution_omit_indevelopment:                  tt.execution.omit.indevelopment

:watchdog_enable:                               tt.watchdog.enable
:watchdog_timeout_seconds:                      tt.watchdog.timeout.seconds

:failure_corridor_active:                       tt.failure.corridor.active
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests:         tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_high:    tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.high
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_mid:     tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.mid
:failure_corridor_allowed_failed_tests_low:     tt.failure.corridor.allowed.failed.tests.low

:layoutcheck_takereference:                     tt.layoutcheck.takereference
:layoutcheck_reference_path:                    tt.layoutcheck.reference.path
:layoutcheck_reference_nametemplate:            tt.layoutcheck.reference.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_ignore_color:                      tt.layoutcheck.use.ignore.color

:layoutcheck_use_area_color:                    tt.layoutcheck.use.area.color
// :layoutcheck_mode:                              tt.layoutcheck.mode
:layoutcheck_actual_template:                   tt.layoutcheck.actual.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_distance_template:                 tt.layoutcheck.distance.nametemplate
:layoutcheck_distance_path:                     tt.layoutcheck.distance.path
:layoutcheck_actual_path:                       tt.layoutcheck.actual.path
:layoutcheck_pixel_rgb_deviation_percent:       tt.layout.pixel.rgb.deviation.percent

:layoutcheck_pixel_rgb_deviation_percent:       tt.layoutcheck.match.threshold
:layoutcheck_displacement_threshold:            tt.layoutcheck.displacement.threshold
:layoutcheck_intra_grouping_threshold:          tt.layoutcheck.intra.grouping.threshold
:layoutcheck_min_match_distance:                tt.layoutcheck.min.match.distance
:layoutcheck_min_size_difference_sub_images:    tt.layoutcheck.min.size.difference.sub.images
:layoutcheck_distance_multiple_matches:         tt.layoutcheck.distance.multiple.matches

// error classes
:layoutcheck_ignore_ambiguous_movement:         tt.layoutcheck.ignore.ambiguous.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_movement:                   tt.layoutcheck.ignore.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_group_movement:             tt.layoutcheck.ignore.group.movement
:layoutcheck_ignore_missing_elements:           tt.layoutcheck.ignore.missing.elements
:layoutcheck_ignore_ambiguous_match:            tt.layoutcheck.ignore.ambiguous.match

// annotated mode related
// :layoutcheck_annotated_nametemplate:            tt.layoutcheck.annotated.nametemplate
// :layoutcheck_annotationdata_nametemplate:       tt.layoutcheck.annotationdata.nametemplate
// :layoutcheck_min_similar_movement_errors:       tt.layoutcheck.min.similar.movement.errors
// :layoutcheck_min_marked_pixels:                 tt.layoutcheck.minimum.marked.pixels
// :layoutcheck_max_marked_pixels_ratio:           tt.layoutcheck.maximum.marked.pixels.ratio

// :layoutcheck_error_detector_min_line_length:    tt.layoutcheck.text.error.detector.minimal.line.length
// :layoutcheck_error_detector_min_edge_strength:  tt.layoutcheck.text.error.detector.minimal.edge.strength
// :layoutcheck_assert_info_mode:                  tt.layoutcheck.assert.info.mode

// source utils
:source_utils_root:                             tt.module.source.root
:source_utils_line_prefetch:                    tt.source.lines.prefetch
:source_utils_activate_sources:                 tt.report.activate.sources

// perf
:perf_test:                                     tt.perf.test
:perf_generate_statistics:                      tt.perf.generate.statistics
:perf_thinktime_ms:                             tt.perf.page.thinktime.ms

// Selenoid connector
:selenoid_vnc_enabled:                          tt.selenoid.vnc.enabled
:selenoid_vnc_address:                          tt.selenoid.vnc.address

// Xray connector
:xray_sync_enabled:                                 xray.sync.enabled
:xray_sync_skipped:                                 xray.sync.skipped
:xray_sync_strategy:                                xray.sync.strategy
:xray_rest_service_uri:                             xray.rest.service.uri
:xray_project_key:                                  xray.project.key
:xray_user:                                         xray.user
:xray_password:                                     xray.password
:xray_test_execution_start_time_field_id:           xray.test.execution.start.time.field.id
:xray_test_execution_finish_time_field_id:          xray.test.execution.finish.time.field.id
:xray_test_execution_revision_field_id:             xray.test.execution.revision.field.id
:xray_test_execution_test_environments_field_id:    xray.test.execution.test-environments.field.id
:xray_validation_revision_regexp:                   xray.validation.revision.regexp
:xray_validation_summary_regexp:                    xray.validation.summary.regexp
:xray_validation_description_regexp:                xray.validation.description.regexp
:xray_previous_result_filename:                     xray.previous.result.filename
:xray_transitions_on_created:                       xray.transitions.on.created
:xray_transitions_on_updated:                       xray.transitions.on.updated
:xray_transitions_on_done:                          xray.transitions.on.done
:xray_webresource_filterlogging_enabled:            xray.webresource.filter.logging.enabled
:xray_webresource_filter_getrequestonly_enabled:    xray.webresource.filter.getrequestsonly.enabled
:xray_webresource_filter_getrequestonly_fake_response_key:    xray.webresource.filter.getrequestsonly.fake.response.key

// HPQC / ALM connector
:qc_sync_active:                        qc.sync.active
:qc_connection_server:                  qc.connection.server
:qc_connection_user:                    qc.connection.user
:qc_connection_password:                qc.connection.password
:qc_connection_domain:                  qc.connection.domain
:qc_connection_project:                 qc.connection.project
:qc_version:                            qc.version
:qc_field_mapping_testrun:              qc.field.mapping.testrun
:qc_upload_screenshots_off:             qc.upload.screenshots.off
:qc_test_failed_upload_screenshots:     qc.test.failed.upload.screenshots
:qc_test_passed_upload_screenshots:     qc.test.passed.upload.screenshots
:qc_upload_videos:                      qc.upload.videos
:qc_test_failed_upload_videos:          qc.test.failed.upload.videos
:qc_test_passed_upload_videos:          qc.test.passed.upload.videos
:qc_test_execution_filter:              qc.test.execution.filter
