docs/src/docs/properties/report-probs.adoc, before:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4a",options="header"]
|===
| Property | default | Description
| {reportdir} | /target/surefire-reports/report/ | Creates the report in the specified directory below the working directory.
| {reportname} | na. | Names the report (e.g. the project where Testerra is used)
| {runcfg} | na. | Set a run configuration to use different variations (test sets) of a test scope within a build task.
| {screenshotter_active} | true | If true, screenshots are fetched and added to the report.
| {report_screenshots_preview} | true | If true a screenshots preview is added to the test methods in the report
| {screenshot_on_pageload} | false | If true, screenshot after page is loaded will be taken
| {screencaster_active} | true | If true, all screencasts are fetchted and added to the report depending on the enabled test method states by {screencaster_active_on_failed} and {screencaster_active_on_success}.
| {screencaster_active_on_failed} | true | If true, all screencasts for failed tests are fetched and added to the report.
| {screencaster_active_on_success} | false | If true, all screencasts for successful tests are fetched and added to the report.


| {source_utils_activate_sources} | true | If true, adds source information to report
| {source_utils_root} | src | Root directory for searching source info.
| {source_utils_line_prefetch} | 5 | Amount of lines taken into account before the actual error occurred (print lines between error line and error line minus {source_utils_line_prefetch})

|===

Commit message:

First draft to except classes from source code snippets of error details

docs/src/docs/properties/report-probs.adoc, after:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4a",options="header"]
|===
| Property | default | Description
| {reportdir} | /target/surefire-reports/report/ | Creates the report in the specified directory below the working directory.
| {reportname} | na. | Names the report (e.g. the project where Testerra is used)
| {runcfg} | na. | Set a run configuration to use different variations (test sets) of a test scope within a build task.
| {screenshotter_active} | true | If true, screenshots are fetched and added to the report.
| {report_screenshots_preview} | true | If true a screenshots preview is added to the test methods in the report
| {screenshot_on_pageload} | false | If true, screenshot after page is loaded will be taken
| {screencaster_active} | true | If true, all screencasts are fetchted and added to the report depending on the enabled test method states by {screencaster_active_on_failed} and {screencaster_active_on_success}.
| {screencaster_active_on_failed} | true | If true, all screencasts for failed tests are fetched and added to the report.
| {screencaster_active_on_success} | false | If true, all screencasts for successful tests are fetched and added to the report.


| {source_utils_activate_sources} | true | If true, adds source information to report
| {source_utils_root} | src | Root directory for searching source info.
| {source_utils_line_prefetch} | 5 | Amount of lines taken into account before the actual error occurred (print lines between error line and error line minus {source_utils_line_prefetch})
| {source_class_exceptions} | | Defines class names which will ignored for source code snippets of error details. |

|===
