docs/src/docs/properties/webdriver-props.adoc, before:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4",options="header"]
|===

| Property | default | Description

| {browser} | na.
a| Browser label, the following browsers are possible

* firefox
* chrome
* ie
* edge
* safari
* phantomjs
* htmlunit
* chromeHeadless

| {browser_version} | na. | Version label
| {browser_setting} | | You can combine browser type and version as single string like `firefox_65`
| {baseurl} | na. | URL of the first site called in a new browser session
| {webdriver_mode} | local | Sets the webdriver mode. remote uses an external Selenium server
| {selenium_server_url} | na. | The complete URL to a remote Selenium server.

For example: `http://localhost:4444/wd/hub`

This setting overriedes the following two properties.
| {selenium_server_host} | localhost | The host name of the remote Selenium server.
| {selenium_server_port} | 4444 | The port of the remote Selenium server.
| {browser_maximize} | false | Try to maximize the browser window.
| {display_resolution} | 1920x1200 | Fall-back resolution, if maximize does not work

For custom window browser size use `driver.manage().window().setSize(new Dimensions(x, y))`
| {wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods} | true | If true, after every test method all open browser windows are closed.
| {wdm_closewindows_onfailure} | true | If true, after failed test methods all open browser windows are closed
| {takeAutomaticScreenshot} | true | If true and test methods fail, a screenshot is created automatically

|===

Commit message:

Docs: Added pagefactory and webdriver properties

docs/src/docs/properties/webdriver-props.adoc, after:

include::property-attributes.adoc[]

[cols="2,^1,4",options="header"]
|===

| Property | default | Description

| {browser} | na.
a| Browser label, the following browsers are possible

* firefox
* chrome
* ie
* edge
* safari
* phantomjs
* htmlunit
* chromeHeadless

| {browser_version} | na. | Version label
| {browser_setting} | | You can combine browser type and version as single string like `firefox_65`
| {baseurl} | na. | URL of the first site called in a new browser session
| {webdriver_mode} | local | Sets the webdriver mode. remote uses an external Selenium server
| {selenium_server_url} | na. | The complete URL to a remote Selenium server.

For example: `http://localhost:4444/wd/hub`

This setting overriedes the following two properties.
| {selenium_server_host} | localhost | The host name of the remote Selenium server.
| {selenium_server_port} | 4444 | The port of the remote Selenium server.
| {browser_maximize} | false | Try to maximize the browser window.
| {display_resolution} | 1920x1200 | Fall-back resolution, if maximize does not work

For custom window browser size use `driver.manage().window().setSize(new Dimensions(x, y))`
| {wdm_closewindows_aftertestmethods} | true | If true, after every test method all open browser windows are closed.
| {wdm_closewindows_onfailure} | true | If true, after failed test methods all open browser windows are closed
| {takeAutomaticScreenshot} | true | If true and test methods fail, a screenshot is created automatically
| {webdriver_timeouts_seconds_pageload} | 120 | Defines the Selenium timeout for page load seconds.

(`driver.manage().timeouts().pageLoadTimeout()`)
| {webdriver_timeouts_seconds_script} | 120 |  Defines the Selenium timeout for execution of async scripts in seconds.

(`driver.manage().timeouts().setScriptTimeout()`)
|===
